Cody Miller
CSCE240-H01
03/21/2024
File Processor/User Intent

Download/Use Instructions: After downloading this project from github, make sure
to run this program from the prog4-userintent2querymapper directory, using the commands:

'javac src/fileProcessorFE.java src/fileProcessorBE.java' to compile the java files
'java -cp src fileProcessorFE' to run the program

This program, at its core, will read 10K files from Unity and Tupperware, and 
allow you to talk to the chatbot to get information about the two companies. It 
will return the relevant text from the Edgar 10K filings from the two companies.

After running, you ask the chatbot questions about the two companies. In your 
question, make sure to include a company name. If both company names are given, 
the default company is Unity.

Currently, the only information that has been implemented is from Part I of the
company's 10K file. Implementation of the other parts is possible, but only info
from Part I of the 10K is necessary to show the program's functionality.

The output will have the information from the table of contents, as well as the
information from the section. This could be avoided, but I think the header
it gives improves the output.

If you only input is the company and no other information, then it will tell you 
what you can ask about the companies.

After running the program, the results will both be written in a text file named 
'output.txt', found in the "data" folder. You can quit the program by typing
'quit', 'Quit', or just 'q'.

Sample inputs and outputs can be found in the text document in the doc folder.

Limitations: Currently, for accurate inputs, the user must input 'tupperware' or
'unity' without any spelling errors, as this will mess up the calculation for
the formula for word match certainty. Another limitation is that because items and
parts are so similar, you have to ask for an item with a number (ie. item 5) and a
part with a roman numeral (ie. part II).

Here is all the topics it knows about, for both Unity and Tupperware...

PART I
Item 1.		Business
Item 1A. 	Risk Factors
Item 1B.	Unresolved Staff Comments
Item 2.		Properties
Item 3.		Legal Proceedings
Item 4.		Mine Safety Disclosures

PART II
Item 5.		Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Item 6.		[Reserved]
Item 7.		Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A.	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Item 8.		Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
Item 9.		Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item 9A.	Controls and Procedures
Item 9B.	Other Information
Item 9C.	Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspection

PART III
Item 10.	Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance
Item 11.	Executive Compensation
Item 12.	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Item 13.	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Item 14.	Principal Accountant Fees and Services

PART IV
Item 15.	Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
Item 16.	Form 10-K Summary